okay sit down well I got a call that
there was a fight in progress and they
were in the middle of the road while in
route dispatch updated the call as a
possible stabbing just occurred when I
arrived I drove up the street expecting
the son of the victim to be on the
ground when I made contact turned out
that it was a suspect that was actually
being held down by one of the victims I
actually had three victims I had two
that were cut with a razor blade and a
third which was bitten on the arm by the
suspect as he was holding her down
I took the suspect into custody as she
was on the ground she's sweaty jumping
around couldn't stay still she admitted
to being on cocaine and she actually
apologized to one of the victims who she
had stabbed
female she stabbed was actually a friend
of hers apparently the victim the female
victim had gone down to a home where the
suspect had been staying or visiting and
confronted her about stealing her tablet
the the two of them got in a physical
fight my victim was walking home the
suspect went to her home to confront her
again she tried to get her attention by
breaking windows in her trailer my
female victim along with her boyfriend
confronted her about breaking the
windows that's where my my female
suspect pulled a razor blade out of her
pocket and ended up slicing my female
victims leg and the male victims leg and
forearm my female victim received 47
stitches on her right calf she said she
was still friends with the suspect she
felt bad that she was in the situation
she was in even though she put herself
there and she consider herself a friend
and just didn't want to see her go to
jail even after being stabbed like she
was my suspect I don't think she had a
full comprehension what she did that
night and talking to her after the fact
the the cocaine was clearly affecting
her she knew she stabbed the fimo or
slashed her she was unaware she had cut
the the male victim didn't know she bit
a third victim so I'm sure she was
unaware of the whole circumstance that
was involved in that case but now that
she's in jail and probably sober I'm
sure she's aware now what happened